Bugs:
    Priority:
        Autotime doesn't work with batchmode.
        Drones extra modules don't get their team tags set.
        Graphs don't show current generation
        Zoom causes errors in over-shoulder mode.
        Read and resave unaltered species names - they are all getting nulled.
        TargetChoosingMechanisms of root ship hubs are always configured starting at index 0.
        DB doesn't work in built project.
        Can't read locationRandomisationRadiai if they could be parsed as a number
        ElevationHubs on some drones are disappearing.
        "Can't remove Rigidbody because HingeJoint depends on it"
        rocket engines carry on regardless if the rocket has no target.
        Duplicate match controler in drone evolution
		Engines of dead ships cary on trying to fly. - I think I've fixed this.
    Graphical - Beams don't turn off when the turret dies. - haven't seen this one in a while.
        Torpedoes aren't picking up paren't's colour.
    Rocket engine plumes start on
    Accounting for speed fails for spinning targets.
    Leting the DB default locationRandomisationRadiai makes it unreadable.
    Severed components remain targetable. - not sure if this is actually a problem.
    Prevent turrets locking by trying to go round the back of the turret
        Get current turn table forwards vector and vector to Target in rest target space
            If they are on different sides of the rest target, turn towards the rest target (with the speed set for the actual angle to turn for the location of the target)
    

TODO:
    In Progress:
        Race evolution
            Include new settings in editBrConfig.
        Player ship
            pick target by clicking on it
            cycle ships with key press
            Switch modes with tab
                Flight mode:
                    KSP(RCS) controls for ship orientation/location - done
                        Enable roll controller
                    Turrets pick their own targets
                Cam relative flight mode:
                    WASD shift and control tells ship to turn and move in a direction reletive to the camera.
                    Needs to set camera modes to use global up.
                Turret mode
                    Flight left on automatic
                    show reticle for aiming
                    cast ray from camera through reticle
                    turrets are given the target hit by the ray as very high priority (probably lower bonus than in hemisphere so that the ones that can't aim don't try)
                    turrets fire on click
            Add a target picker for NPC ships that boosts the score for player ships


    Priority:
        Merge evolution modes
            Add drones into BR
            Set multipliers for kills, drones and race scores
            All (living) ships get socre when drones die
            Put drones in the middle, ships at set radius
            Option to not make ships each other's enemy
        Camera
            Rigidbody for shipcam, use forces to move to desired location
                "Friction" with "referenceVelocity" given by the orientator.
            Manual orientator
                Scroll to zoom
            Click to chose followed and watched target.
            Move camera relative to parent (localRotation)
            Make camera location target and orientation target nullable so that they don't have t be specified. (does no rotation/moving if null)
        Parent target picker 
            adds bonus to the pilot's target
            use GetComponentInParent
        Menus
            keyboard navigation
            Scrollable lists
            Delete config option (takes all individuals and match and mutation configs too)
            Proper inputs for numbers and bools
        Eyeball turret
            Account for parent angularV
        Analysis
            Improve graphs
                Add graph for number of each type of module present in a generation.
        Async
        Use whole mass of object
            Consider the mass of all connected objects for mass target picker
        Have ship cam look at the center of mass, not the root of the object.
        Find an easy way to delete individuals.
        Better defaults for evolution configs in the menus.
        Master targeting controller on spaceships with which other targeters can register to have a list of everything being targeted by that ship.
            this list could be used ba a targeter to apply an extra score for each time a target is in that list - either promoting or avoiding all guns targeting the same thing.
        Torpedoes detonate at closest approach isf out of fuel.
        Lightsabers!
        score -= genome.Cost (final cost)
        score -= genome.Length (for use with variable length genomes)
        investigate use of entity framework.
        Randomise target choosing mechanism periods so they don't come up at the same time.
        Cardboard support
        Test on phone
        Add to Play store?
        Fighters - using engines as weapons/using guns/both.
            Fix fighter type 1 turret
        Evasive manuevers
        Some way for turrets to account for their own turn rates. - to keep up with tracking moving targets.
        Use torquers(including engines) to halt rotation (instead of relying on angular drag hack).
        Refactor rocket controller's start delay feature.
        Rockets stop running anything but their trigger when they run out of fuel.
        Some way to set the roll of ships to have a direction that should be pointed at the enemy where possible.
        Spherical trigger around missiles that puts them into max evasion mode regardless of velocity
        Destruction only leaves objects with a rigibdbody and a health controller
        TargetPickers have option to kull all but the best x.
        Prevent fluttery torpedoes.
        limited ammo
            Turrets can store some
            hubs contain generic ammo, turrets can ask for a mass of it.
        limited power
            Hubs have batteries to store energy
            Hubs have generators to recharge batteries.
        Gimballed engines
            Use basic turret turning setup - will need to be given a method that takes a pointing vector instead of a Target
        Modular turrets
            Turret body can be eyeball, normal or just fixed
            business ends will be different sorts of firing mechanisms.
            Turret turning mechanism looks for an orientation source in itself or its children.
        
    
    Graphs:
        Option to export a CSV of a graph.
        Graph of total counts of modules
        Fix line alignment

    Weighted camera orientator using poll targets, ignores rotation targets (must be calculated with look rotations)
        Implemented - works rather badly, different vectors would need different weights to make it work right.
        Might be nice to have user prioritisation in this too.
    TractorbeamTurret
    Add a small cheap engine module - meant for manuvring.
    Avoid GetComponent and sendMessage in update methods.
    Limit throttle change speeds.
    option for spaceships that don't break up   
        Turrets can be destroyed, but otherwise the whole thing has one lot of health - probably using pass damage up.
    allow components in the same cubic volume if they wouldn't intersect.
    Turrets should know the ways they cannot turn.
    Draws should be penalised less if the ships killed each other simultaneously. probably give them the win score - some constant.
    Sexual reproduction
    projectiles apply force to cancel lateral V. Target set on projectile when fired.
    Spherical modules with two angles given for where to spawn the sub modules and something to specify termination of that module's spawning (going back up to the previous)
    FuelTank option to balance fuel with parent.
    Add more max and min settings for genetic configurables, as is done in the fuel tank. Use this for things like projectile speed.
    Track what parts of the genome get used for assembly and config.
    HUD merges reticles for related objects instead of only showing the parent reticle.

    Repulsive shield- repels objects in trigger

    shipCam:
        Make shipcam move faster if the followed object is faster or add a set chunk to the location based on the followed object's speed. - done
            Aternatively make the shipcam have a rigidbody and actually accelerate up to the speed of the tracked object.   - may still want to do this for continuing to track dead things.
        only watch torpedoes instead of other ships when they are close.
        Continue tracking a dead object a while to see it explode and any subsequent effects.

    Make mini type 2 actually manage to hit torpedoes.

    From Endarren:
        Option to just disable the object at zero health, instead of destroying it.

        I would suggest using Scriptable Objects to hold data, such as projectile speed and damage. This would save memory, since you wouldn't have duplicate data in objects.

        You might want to make the OnCollisionEnter for HealthController do some checks to make sure certain colliders do not accidently do damage.
            HealthController ignores certian tags, but the collisions with any force field still wreck things by physics.

Balance:
    Cluster torpedoes do practically no damage, even when some of the submunitions hit, which happens quite rarely.
    Big lasers should be capable at a bit of a longer range, and a little less up close.
